Refactor Prometheus exporter (#3239)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-go: CHANGELOG.md

### Added

- Added an example of using metric views to customize instruments. (#3177)

> - Prometheus exporter will register with a prometheus registerer on creation, there are options to control this (#3239)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Prometheus exporter will register with a prometheus registerer on creation, there are options to control this. (#3239)
```

> ### Changed

Reviewer: Please include the an entry describing the change in the exported `prometheus.New` function signature.

- Upgrade `golang.org/x/sys/unix` from `v0.0.0-20210423185535-09eb48e85fd7` to `v0.0.0-20220919091848-fb04ddd9f9c8`.
  This addresses [GO-2022-0493](https://pkg.go.dev/vuln/GO-2022-0493). (#3235)
- Update histogram default bounds to match the requirements of the latest specification. (#3222)

> - Prometheus New() function now also returns an error. (#3239)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The `"go.opentelemetry.io/otel/exporters/prometheus".New` now also returns an error indicating the failure to register the exporter with Prometheus. (#3239)
```
